Gwenevere Abriel: Video. Make sure they're in sync.
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio, video in sync. Everything looking nice flow 1233 everything in sync.
Cynthia We: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Check 12121 to
Cynthia We: Two into into check 1212 I have a stable internet connection, apparently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you do. This feels familiar like deja vu.
Cynthia We: I would like to know what's up that
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Cynthia We: I am not sure I fix it.
Cynthia We: Or they just gonna say that it's like this for everybody right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh, no, I just, I met with people since seven o'clock this morning, the connections been good. There's something unique going on over there with you.
Cynthia We: That's what I thought. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is. This man. I'm a people person. I know it.
Cynthia We: Can call cable, though, and ask them, because it is something that I do every week, a time and it's no problem.
Cynthia We: And suddenly,
Cynthia We: The test to exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so I mean I'm okay there's Wi Fi. There's using data that can be an issue. Sometimes people talk about, oh, I'm going to use my
Gwenevere Abriel: My hotspot when there's a challenge. So like there's little things that I've learned along the way, about what can be used as alternate ways to connect to the internet, having internet I think is the best route.
Cynthia We: So I have internet I have Wi Fi at home. Yeah. What I turn my maybe I should turn my hotspot on my phone.
Cynthia We: And connect to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, do you have unlimited data.
Cynthia We: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Impulse from you.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you can try that. So if you want, you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Switch to linking it to your
Gwenevere Abriel: hotspot when I'm out and about driving around and I'm not sitting here in the office.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel so like techie. Wow.
See
Cynthia We: IPhone
Gwenevere Abriel: Settings. Oh, yeah. You see it. Get in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it makes that
Gwenevere Abriel: Those two links and I think it makes those two links.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beyond
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, Tara horrible.
Cynthia We: Horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would go back to what you were doing before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would take it off that personal
hotspot.
Gwenevere Abriel: completely frozen. Can't hear you at all.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm putting it on to
Cynthia We: Okay. Is that any better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I heard is not any better. That was a full sentence. So that's progress and I am seeing you eyes blank so you aren't frozen. So whatever you doing right now that's a whole lot better than that hotspot thing. Oh, okay.
Cynthia We: I'm gonna run out here and I'm going to report to my family because I think everybody's got meeting tonight.
Cynthia We: Okay, I just want to let them know
Cynthia We: Okay, well that's unfortunate.
Cynthia We: That said, you know, it's supposed to be a problem right they lowered the Internet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or did they really
Gwenevere Abriel: Who they who
Cynthia We: Someone day why
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, a cable company makes money off of the bandwidth so
The trick.
Cynthia We: I guess I'm Xfinity did maybe because so many people were you didn't want to break it. I don't know. I'll ask him the details later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so there might be times when I asked you to just go on audio so I can hear specific things you're saying, but right now we're okay. We'll just keep on long. Just the way we have it here. If I start to break up, just let me know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I want to check in on a couple of things that you're working on. You want to quit smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was an identified goal. How are you doing,
Cynthia We: I am smoking twice as much as I was, and
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It feels like a distant Goldie now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, when did you notice the twice as much
Cynthia We: A lovely less sick, like maybe a week ago, not even
Cynthia We: Because i well i talked about it in group about how much I was going outside to smoke because that's my escape and um
Cynthia We: And then I
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: Just, I don't know. Notice there's thing I just noticed I was downs like five and I'm way past that I might I'm Elise smoking can now.
Cynthia We: Discipline well
Gwenevere Abriel: There was also said, Why don't you say you're going out to smoke and watch a yo I was saying yoga video. But what was said was reading a book. Oh, you know, so it's a bit of a
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do something else.
Cynthia We: It's a conversation to have with him because he
Cynthia We: Believes beliefs. I don't know. Fuck. He believes, but it's a problem.
Cynthia We: Okay, I'm that I'm not really allowed to have personal time
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what is presenting right now as you're in this meeting.
You have that same
Cynthia We: Oh, I mean like if I go out side.
Cynthia We: To read a book, I believe that the hill.
Cynthia We: Think I'm escaping or say that I'm escaping
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Something I already have the excuse. I don't have to make excuses, but
Cynthia We: It's just something I do. And nobody gets mad, mad.
Cynthia We: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it.
Cynthia We: Going out and reading is Cindy escaping
Cynthia We: And it's perceived in a different way. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is, you know, there's another piece that's been said in here. When Scott was president, which was you know we we want to go on a walk with you. We want to hang out with you.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: If you put aside, what other people want um
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you longing for more alone time
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Cynthia We: I deal with them to the part I really like I went I had fun and I walk and I'm I played soccer with Teagan
Cynthia We: Then yesterday to not
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Cynthia We: Today in the middle of doing something
Cynthia We: And I thought,
Cynthia We: That maybe that would be expected because before
Cynthia We: And I'm here, throwing a temper tantrum like a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so we're talking about sorry the connection is not 100% I want to say that back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Today I want to stay home and work on something.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I was looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Cynthia We: From high school
Cynthia We: High School.
Cynthia We: Is today.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: Looking
Cynthia We: In the middle of all these pictures in these back in
Cynthia We: High School. So on their faces like
Cynthia We: I just needed some ways to deal with it.
Cynthia We: Now, Scott deals with it a different way, deals with it by getting together the kids going and doing things. That's how I deal
Cynthia We: And he doesn't seem to understand
Cynthia We: ever really sad.
Cynthia We: Very sad. It was as we are, you have the tails, but it
Cynthia We: Is not a stroke on my god
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy.
Cynthia We: He moved to the UK with me.
Cynthia We: Tonight at seven.
Cynthia We: We moved to New York. I got up there, but he didn't have a job. We just and I loaded a U Haul in Chicago. And then I stopped by Michigan pick them up and I left it like this much in
Cynthia We: The U Haul truck and
Cynthia We: We moved out there and there was something wrong with our place that we're going to stay so it's Jody's boyfriend in Queens and it was just a big, big long drawn out or deal. And then we finally got a place
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: ended up leaving because Scott and I had gotten all of us were part of this for Carolyn Scott and I had started to like it a little too much and I think he was really uncomfortable with it. And so he left and went back to Michigan.
Cynthia We: We've always been friends with we've maintained a friendship and
Cynthia We: You know Scott and he and Scott were
Cynthia We: Closer because they were friends first. That's how I know him.
Cynthia We: But I'm even when Scott and I worked together like art and I were friends. And he came to visit it. Which state. He came to visit me in Chicago.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: There's just, there's this luxury. It's a big empty space.
Cynthia We: So I needed some space and I'm
Cynthia We: Got through a little temper tantrum and
Cynthia We: I think maybe I need to figure out a way to say it.
Cynthia We: So that he stops taking these things personally. They have nothing to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: You know I'm laughing matter than the kids hear him get out his kids have this perception that mama never wants to do anything with them.
Cynthia We: In actuality it's maladies space. I was having a heart attack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, Scott taking things personally. You think the kids are taking it personally. Scott thinks that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: His kids are taking it personally because you're rejecting them and
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see that you take things personally
Cynthia We: Can you say yes to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's why I'm here because we're all doing it. We're all doing the same thing. You can see it in someone else, it's just harder to see it when we're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've been addressing this all along and goes by different names.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Shane activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: My could be that space. But the bottom line is this
Gwenevere Abriel: When you stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing tantrum yelling any behavior from other people as a reflection of your value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something really big is going to change in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still waiting for him to stop a behavior and then you will start
Gwenevere Abriel: A behavior, but you're still waiting for him. They them.
Gwenevere Abriel: To change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we will proceed. It doesn't work like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, you keep doing it, even though I sell it. I try and shape it, put it in this container. I put a bow on it and I
Cynthia We: Do like I really understand the concept I really understand it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's this. He has a tantrum and you look and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that's a tantrum.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then
Gwenevere Abriel: You reinforce it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't even know you're doing it when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend time go for the walk and cave and
Gwenevere Abriel: They're reinforcing it and I know we don't mean to do that reinforce negative behavior, but we do it, we do it because it's easier. It seems easier in the moment to not confront it.
Cynthia We: Or hunt. It is like that. I do not want to always do things with. So, so when I want to. And I do want to time.
Cynthia We: I will agree to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that would be good except you do something when he has a tantrum.
Cynthia We: No, I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it. Well, what did you do that day.
Cynthia We: And he had when he had a tantrum. Well, I didn't, I didn't go
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I just stayed home and I continue doing what I'm doing. I did feel today and I
Cynthia We: I felt angry that he didn't just understand me.
Cynthia We: I tried to approach him.
Cynthia We: I did try and approach it later because
Cynthia We: Yeah. After the kids went to bed and I said you know i i really it's not
Cynthia We: Today I needed to spend time going through those pictures I needed the time alone.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: You understand that it has nothing to do with wanting to spend time with you guys or not as a family.
Cynthia We: I think he's too wrapped up in his own stuff to purchase think
Cynthia We: Is that really listening. He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I did hear that you did sort of maintain that position.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: stayed home and later on you attempted
Gwenevere Abriel: Excuse me, a clarification to try and explain your motivations.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but it fell on deaf ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that she's still got hooked. Is this anger.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'd be it'd be one thing if you said to me, I promise you. When
Gwenevere Abriel: I was angry, and it didn't leak out anywhere. I promise you, it didn't. I was mad, mad about that and it didn't leak anywhere else.
Cynthia We: I don't think it leaked out
Cynthia We: I don't think so. But I'm not 100% sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Let's, um, let's come back a little bit. Let's, let's just, we'll go with didn't, didn't leak.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you knew
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be spending. This is sort of an exaggeration but spend the rest of your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right with him and he's going to continue to act out his emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's a tantrum.
Gwenevere Abriel: being realistic.
Cynthia We: Answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not great. I think you said I don't have an answer. I think that's
Cynthia We: I don't know how to answer this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a complicated one, because maybe the longing to have it be something else is maybe strong and then the reality of it's been this way for so long. Maybe it will be like that, in the future, like those two things are opposite energies, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm talking about right now is the is the radical acceptance stuff. It happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: It did.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You held on to what you wanted to do for your reasons, the choice was about the anger, why bother being angry about it. He was behaved in a very protective. I get the logic. Don't get me wrong, I get. I get the I'd be pissed, too, but it is a place of choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have just
Gwenevere Abriel: Seen it and not taking it on not gotten hope seen it named it that's tantrum. I'm going to spend time going to be in here going to be grieving. This is going to be one of the first pieces of it is I'm going to be looking to these pictures and greeting and
Gwenevere Abriel: there'd be nothing left. There'd be no no energy left to it then there'd be I see him in the hall. Later that day when they came back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you told me no, there was no leaking. You didn't have any more anger and it didn't, it didn't show up.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it didn't show up and I don't feel that I was very angry.
Cynthia We: This time
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Cynthia We: Maybe I was frustrated, a little bit and like just kind of like, oh,
Cynthia We: Come on.
Cynthia We: I'm okay.
Cynthia We: I don't feel like I've got. I don't think it was the same as what I usually do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now it's happening right now. Notice how you
Cynthia We: Don't you know me, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Well, right. So you said earlier, just understand me you wanted that now you I think you said why don't you know me by now.
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah. It's funny because we just
Cynthia We: Mind him all the time.
Cynthia We: This was all about my
Cynthia We: Feeling okay going outside and reading a chapter of a book, instead of smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, or staying in and looking through pictures. It doesn't matter where it is. It's your space, it's your time and another words inside, outside
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you, having that whatever space you want. Maybe I want it with other people and in 10 minutes, it might be different. But what I want need right now is in opposition, sometimes with what someone else needs and wants. And that will be
Cynthia We: Okay, that's life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's right in there. So right now you just in a sense, and he fought for that in here with me even make sure even though I pressed it was trying to label okay angers leaking. I'm sure of it right you held on
Gwenevere Abriel: And your position and you're like, No, I don't think so. I don't think so. You didn't at least two to three times. I don't think that's it. Right. Did you see did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now, you didn't take ongoing of your stuff. You just held on
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't think that's really true for me. I don't think I've looked I'm looking, I'm visiting those memories. Don't forget leaked was a little frustrated and and kind of the thought was dancin know me by now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wouldn't it be nice if he
Gwenevere Abriel: Could have the assumption
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how Cindy grieves
Gwenevere Abriel: She kind of goes through times where she pulls in she she refuels by pulling in where she read. She writes, she does these Mitchell come out and play with us. And that wouldn't have to defend and explain that over and over would be nice.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Have god you know I did go to the park with them. The other day I did go for a walk with him a few times this week. And that's really good. Good.
Cynthia We: To be primarily me
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have you forgotten how good that can feel
Cynthia We: Um, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in some ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: That reminder that Scott offers. Sometimes I feel annoying and invasive and other times it's a nice reminder to come out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And play. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to my space my space.
Gwenevere Abriel: To walk outside without having to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Cynthia We: So what's really weird that I'm
Cynthia We: Reading a book is perceived by some people as being lazy.
Cynthia We: Like I may as well be taking a nap.
Cynthia We: Which is the exact opposite of how I feel and how I feel we should be modeling for our kids.
Cynthia We: Right, because they all of a sudden realized they don't read, they're not reading. They're not reading it all. I am such a reader and I'm such a reader. When I was growing up, and I think it's so important.
Cynthia We: They're not even doing they're eating before bed. I have no interest in it, they've taken after Scott's family.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you stay with those convictions and values. What are you doing to stand present and sort of represent those kind of the way you represented in here and you stood in that truth okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you make sure
Cynthia We: They should pick up a damn book and go sit in front of them and read
Cynthia We: All day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, why not
Cynthia We: Yes, yes.
Cynthia We: Um, the fact that Scott's perception of what reading is influenced my behavior so much, really, really, really disturbing to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it the same thing as I took personally his assessment his definition of what reading is I took it on. It wasn't mine took it on for a while and now, maybe you don't want to take it on anymore.
Cynthia We: Um, I think so.
Cynthia We: Okay, I wouldn't when he first of maybe like three or four years ago would come home from work, I would get my Kindle out and I would just read, I would read like crazy because that only time I could when he was home.
Cynthia We: Home I little kids that I was always taking care of
Cynthia We: So he said to me a few times. Is that all you ever do is sit around and read. And I'm like,
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: No, I just do when your own because I can
Cynthia We: And and
Cynthia We: I think he said it again. And so I stopped reading my Kindle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Cynthia We: I well i think that not looking at my Kindle is probably better I should have an actual book. It's a Kindle. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that we're missing the point here. Let's go back.
Cynthia We: If you work for the for the kids purposes.
Cynthia We: I it rather than having me, stare at a screen, they should see me reading a book.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only that,
Cynthia We: It's not the point at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know there's so many things going on. Um, I'm going to invite you to turn your video off. I don't want to miss about what you're saying right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just do. There we go. So let's let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to stay on the Kindle versus I haven't done all the research on it but just hearing people talk about the screen the sort of that backlit screen. How many hours are going on for kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something to be said, scientifically, I think biologically around sleep circadian rhythms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Etc. And so you're reading book book has some real biological validity there so
Gwenevere Abriel: I see what you're saying. Like the actual turning of the pages and getting away from the backlit screens on but
Cynthia We: There's opposed to see you, or something. So see they're reading books.
Cynthia We: And that helps them. I don't know how old they were talking about.
Cynthia We: But when the kids were babies that they should see us reading books if if we want to have them to be readers and
Cynthia We: And seeing you stare green is not the same thing as seeing you read a book.
Cynthia We: Know it comes off completely.
Cynthia We: The opposite way that you want it to.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something that you could explore on your own research. Maybe that's probably available through a couple articles online edit.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here, though, can we visit this, I want you to picture Scott saying now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that all you ever do when your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is read now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what would you do, what would you say, how would you respond
Gwenevere Abriel: If he said that in current day like soon like today or yesterday. Like, what would you, how would you respond to that.
Cynthia We: I would say
Cynthia We: No, it's not all I do.
Cynthia We: But it is a hobby of mine and something I really enjoy doing and
Cynthia We: So because we are stuck at home, probably doing it more than I usually do, but it's what I love to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, do you notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: You yourself. Everyone right we
Gwenevere Abriel: Say things and do things because we want a certain feeling and we're trying to express a certain feeling. And do you notice how you defended content right there. No, and you went into content.
Cynthia We: Though I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's what happened. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: You talked about book.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's content. Now go behind that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does Scott feel when he sees you reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Cynthia We: Yeah, I have no idea. That's a very good question, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why he said, is that all you do. And I'm not around history just. That's why you mean we all speak about content is we have we have an emotion behind it. We have a reason we have, we are motivated by something. Otherwise, we don't say anything, typically
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how another option to that today if you can remember these things is like
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott. How does it feel when I'm here again, reading, you know, I noticed that right last the last afternoon, you kind of walked by. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: From a walk and I was reading and I noticed when you came in to the bedroom. The other night I was reading. How do you feel when each time you see me in the house. I'm reading
You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: A difference that is
Yeah.
Cynthia We: I wonder
Cynthia We: I don't know. I have never ever asked that question. So I really should question is I am curious about why
Cynthia We: There seems to be so.
Cynthia We: Seems to be like upsetting for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the paradox here is Cindy, he might be thinking, shouldn't she know me by now.
Cynthia We: Oh that's fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being kind of ironic here unintentional.
Cynthia We: Yeah. Well, funny, that's very take it was very good way to put that. Because
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: Why would I know the answer to that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you can hold that space like
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're gonna have to maybe give him that benefit the doubt to
Cynthia We: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Why on earth. You've got this extra time with your family, you're not spending it with them, he doesn't understand his mind works differently.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's a good thing because, do we really want to be married to ourselves.
Cynthia We: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we take the I'm bad away from it. He sees me as bad broken and wrong. We take that part out. Then it's I'm using that skill of curiosity and I can actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Sponsoring it asked me, he's done this a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how he feels every time he sees me reading. I'm going to go find out. Seems like I'm seeing something here. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Until we can investigate and our tongue is going to be kind, it's not going to be accusatory i don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't say, Why are you asking
Gwenevere Abriel: If we use the word wine, you may want to just sort of took that one in a safety box at Wells Fargo for a little while. It's a, it's a problematic one it's going to create defensiveness.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you, you and I, you, more importantly, might discover something you and i right now can't even guess
Cynthia We: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe he grew up with a particular sense of being second to something
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're reading that book brings it back as if it's happening again and again and again. Again, this unwanted feeling and it's just as simple as Cindy doing her thing. It's not right, it's not wrong just is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's nothing like that. We don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be. I'm so jealous that you have this thing that that you can enjoy. Right. Why, why can't it be any of these other things except
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to defend yourself. You don't. You can go a different direction with that exchange. You can be curious about what your husband is experiencing you know yours. I know I want to refuel and I get it through, through this reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to
Cynthia We: We did bring up um
Cynthia We: He taught. He was talking about.
Cynthia We: The books that we were reading when we lived in New York. I'm just talking about this the other day.
Cynthia We: And how he was, he read
Cynthia We: Million little pieces. Do you know that guy that lie his memoir, he lied about his story. And he wrote about it. And oh, he lied to Oprah. It was really
Cynthia We: Um, that was like in 2000 I think 2000 and right around the same time, there was this guy JT Leroy, who wrote a book Sarah and Scott was reading all these books.
Cynthia We: At the same time, I was like we were reading a lot. And, um, I think that was unusual for him to read a lot because he had some trouble reading
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm like, not dyslexia, but just he had trouble focusing on books, but he was reading and he talked about it. The other night like you really missed it.
Cynthia We: If you really missed being really into those books and I'm feeling like I really connected with the authors JT Leroy ended up being a false person that
Cynthia We: was somewhat of a celebrity and had showed up around Manhattan. Lower East Side of Manhattan. Turned out it was actually a girl.
Cynthia We: Who worked for the suicide happen, and she took the stories of people who had called in and turned it into a memoir, so called memoir and put these books out there and I'm Scott was devastated by these revelations, because if you read a true story.
Cynthia We: You want to know that it's true. And, and I think it takes a lot away from it. If you find out it's false, and I'm
Cynthia We: It was just talking about that, which I thought was interested forgotten about us reading those books and how she was reading
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice you didn't see how he felt. But you are talking about some rationale about how he might have had a strong feeling
Cynthia We: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: To betrayal.
Cynthia We: Your trail. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like an idiot like a fool, like a sucker.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Cynthia We: You read anything. How can you believe anything anybody says after your heart has been broken like that.
Cynthia We: Is you identify these were like broken characters and and
Cynthia We: Both of us felt so bad for that, especially the JT Leroy stuff was just heartbreaking shed and it really felt yucky that it wasn't true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's true for someone
Cynthia We: Well, it's true for some, but not the person who wrote it.
Gwenevere Abriel: but that says more about how you hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Tolerate someone misrepresenting how Scott over here, tolerates the meaning he makes out of represented a misrepresentation and how you to get to talk about it. It could have been right and you were talking a little bit, but do we just stop reading, do we stop. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are we around misrepresentation basically someone the lying to us.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Who am I, who am I, who am I, why I'm a sucker. I'm a sucker. I'm a sucker. I'll get suckered again I'm embarrassed. I look like an idiot. I don't know what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I walk it through. I walk it through sit with it a little longer isn't just that there's more underneath, that's a conversation with a sweetheart. Those are fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about feelings, but it's not about be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not about book.
Cynthia We: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can soften there. You can find your grace, they're not going to hung up on book and read
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I around the trail.
Gwenevere Abriel: We talk about it. Let's talk about it. Hey, and because I want you to actually have a lot in common, when we did that relationship vision thing have a lot of overlap.
Cynthia We: Uh huh.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a place to get connected
Cynthia We: Yes, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to triangulate. Those are really easy ways like member or sometimes you'll hear me say, you know, you can always throw me under the bus and make me the bad guy.
Cynthia We: Oh, right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: My thumbs or YouTube
Cynthia We: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make JT Leroy, the bad guy and you can kind of be like yeah and then awful. I felt like this and you feel like, Yeah, me too. Well, he's a bad guy or, you know, it's, it can be fun.
Cynthia We: But well,
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I think we have
Cynthia We: Here, like anytime something like that starts to happen. Scott backs off and and
Cynthia We: Jumps on the person's side he's really uncomfortable with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He would be on the side of justifying
Cynthia We: The awesome comfortable being on my side, I should say.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. It's not a side, the whole sector is outdated.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a side, it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about. And guess what, in 20 minutes after this conversation. I might have a different thought isn't aside it so let's
Cynthia We: It's a way to connect
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just talking but but it is a real thing for you to probably to have to swing. Am I the bad guy in this conversation, who's right, who's wrong. That's the habit. That's the thing that needs to break
Cynthia We: Why right
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get there. One of you at a time, at least one of you if you can find it sooner than he can then you do it. And this is how you do it when he says something like
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess you really don't want to hang out with the family. Oh, there you go again one day yourself. You're so selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you, personally, focus on what he said or brief and remember. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what's money he made it. What is motivating him to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: You already know you're going to hear from me. That's passive aggression. We already know all the fancy words for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a lot. Good. That does yeah doesn't do any good. Just sitting there with a fancy label. What if you were curious about wonder why this person would use the passive aggression. What are what's going on behind it. Look at my tone. Look at how I am. My whole position my disposition is like
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is very different than
Cynthia We: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you asked me that I have every right I have every right to have my alone time and all you do is you should know me by now is just a wholly different type
Cynthia We: Of the different
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone's got to start it, you're the one in therapy. My guess is it'll be you. You don't have to. You can keep meeting it with you should know you should know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been 20 years already.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, remember the stuff I SAY I SAY YOU REALLY you want to be assumed to be exactly the same Olson.
Cynthia We: Right. No, I don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Cindy, or do you kind of want to be seen as kind of like a wonderful Cindy's up to today. Wonder what her but she's what's going on her big beautiful mind, you know, like to be seen as waking a new
Cynthia We: Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we are down here to the end, I would really like to see you again. I, I miss seeing you. Can you bring your video back
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been talking to myself.
Cynthia We: Right now, what do you mean he missed seeing me. I just saw you two seconds ago.
Cynthia We: Wasn't on video because I could still
Gwenevere Abriel: make it possible for me to hear you a little better. So I'm
Cynthia We: going good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But still it's, um, it's a problem. I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's your Xfinity thing.
Cynthia We: I think it should I call Xfinity I think I'll call Xfinity
Cynthia We: Just ask them.
Cynthia We: What
Gwenevere Abriel: What the what. Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: You can't hurt, um,
Cynthia We: I am going to start doing some streaming video actually as props to I can feel myself getting pretty depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me hear the streaming video. I didn't hear the first part of it. I'm getting depressed. Tell me what you're going to do streaming video Tony my
Cynthia We: Whoa, just sighs
Cynthia We: Exercising
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. Oh, I love it. And I want to continue to say this is a rare opportunity to connect with people that you have now connected with in many years and meet in here in zoom. I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is bringing us together where we pulled away for years. You can pull in and maybe you do a meditation. Maybe you bring up a topic of exploration, or what is grief for you or don't don't rob yourself of what this isolation thing right this so lockdown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever. Everyone's got or emptiness shelter status, whatever you guys are calling it
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm seeing it be a positive, it could be around to exercise to anyone want to take a yoga class I ran across this little
Gwenevere Abriel: This little chicken do she pretty good. How about we take it together and we giggle and laugh and we stretch together. You want to eat on a zoom me me on another one. And I'm like, Oh, that one hurt and you laughing Why not take a class together.
Gwenevere Abriel: may not meet there and do your kids to
Cynthia We: Yes, I was thinking about doing a breakdancing class with them very
Cynthia We: Well, and there's the we have Playstation, which has
Cynthia We: The dance the dance the dance game I it's funny.
Cynthia We: Um, so yeah i think that that will help
Cynthia We: I used to be on so many different antidepressants and I'm just taking the Wellbutrin now for the smoking, but I don't want to go back into the antidepressant.
Cynthia We: Saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, How badly do not want to do it.
Cynthia We: Um, well, I'm keeping the option open if the exercise doesn't help.
Cynthia We: The option is always going to be open because it did say if but but it's not my first choice. I'm not, I'm not opposed to it. I just
Cynthia We: I'd rather not.
Cynthia We: Make
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you also did the behavioral experiments that you and I, brainstorming here. Why did he roll them out. What if you did them.
Gwenevere Abriel: As routinely as you take up SSRI. What did you get them with fidelity. What did you actually found out is this stuff going on in therapy worth a damn what did you get it.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: And meditation every day instead of sporadic very helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said to me, I, I can't remember where it is. I thought it in notes, I
Cynthia We: Think I'm probably doing it like four and a half times a week, but I bet you if I did it every day. It would help me more me
Gwenevere Abriel: You have said to me, You need to be going to NA NA meeting.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not doing it.
Cynthia We: With chocolate. I go, I could go online.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just do it. Why don't you rule out everything else if depression continues to nudge at you. Well, that all right but if you said, How badly do not want it because could
Gwenevere Abriel: Just doing it sort of holistically here with this cognitive behavioral stuff and see if there's anything to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can really say to this, this guy or this gal. You know, I really tried this stuff and
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it every day. And I did this many times today and I did it. I did it in. Still, it just feels chemical because it's true for buprenorphine when you're still on it messes with the serotonin. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There are chemical things going on. It's a both. And so how do we
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn up the things that we enjoy because it's not happening naturally. I've got to do those things on purpose. And they're inconvenient and I don't want to, but I don't want to be on a medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotta jump out of here. But I do want to hear from you. Just a quick little self reflection kind of go in inward kind of see the little snapshots. If you can just how I came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: As another few minutes into the session, then this happened and I felt this
Gwenevere Abriel: I said that, then this just sort of walk yourself through
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what the takeaway for today is for you. What's important for you.
Cynthia We: I feel I'm going to
Cynthia We: Really focus on doing things that I would like to do to stay medicine and I'm also going to try
Cynthia We: To be curious with God. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's played out. You're probably sick of hearing it but choose curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll get you the
Cynthia We: So true.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will look graceful.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will roam on
Cynthia We: I think it's totally is the interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, do you want to meet again next Thursday at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Then I will see you when I see and grew up. I kind of lose track of that timing, but either way. I'll see you next Thursday.
Cynthia We: Okay. Very good. Thank you.